the president had another preposterous
day today on Twitter this morning he did
something very very Trump he he tweeted
a new Quinnipiac poll 66% of people feel
the economy is excellent or good that is
the highest number ever recorded by this
poll true the part of the pulley
dimension is far more the people polled
believe President Obama is responsible
for the strong economy not him 49 to 40
percent and not only that 63% of those
polled said President Trump is not
honest and 56% give him an F or D grade
for his first year in office same poll
that he tweeted it was what a day it was
City they're all big days but this one
president Trump today he rejected a
bipartisan deal for the deferred action
for childhood arrivals program daca
which is the program that protects young
immigrants who were brought to the
United States as children people like
Melania who wound up what Trump objected
to in the bipartisan plan was the
senators from both sides wanted to
restore protections for immigrants from
Haiti El Salvador and a handful of
African countries they had to be rescued
from difficult situations in those
countries not only did Trump reject the
plan he said and I before I share what
specifically he said I wanted like you
to keep in mind this is an actual quote
from the actual President of the United
States we can put this up on screen and
explain this I apologize for using this
word here but this is a quote from the
president why are we having all these
people from all countries come here
Trump said this is in the Washington
Post according to these people who are
in the meeting referring to African
countries and Haiti he then suggested
that the United States go about bringing
in people from other countries like
Norway whose Prime Minister he met with
yesterday
[Music]
[Applause]
listen I'm sure the fact that countries
he described as poles are mostly
populated by people of color and the
immigrants he wants from Norway or not
is a coincidence because if it wasn't it
would mean we voted for a racist like a
real one and we'd have to get pit
pitchforks and change them out of the
white house but I also assume the white
house would deny he said that they did
not they just tried to spin it it really
is unfathomable it's you just can't
believe that this is the guy running our
country the only silver lining and this
is a small silver lining but the only
silver lining is we got to hear Wolf
Blitzer say this all day
landfill
that's all
[Applause]
so anyway thanks flat boot and you
really got us good hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel
click below to subscribe to our YouTube
channel or if you want to be that way
about it though